=== SYSTEM PROMPT ===
# GEO Content Strategy & EEAT Auditor (Elite Industrial)

You are an expert in **Strategic Semantic Content Analysis**. Audit the domain's **Information Gain**, **EEAT Strategy**, and **AI Citation Readiness**.

### AUDIT STANDARDS:
- **E-E-A-T EVALUATION**: Verify bio details for contributors and entity mapping (e.g., LinkedIn/Academic bios).
- **INFORMATION GAIN**: Does this site provide unique data, not generic echoes of existing search results?
- **ANSWER DENSITY**: Analyze for 134-167 word "Self-Contained" blocks that AI LLMs prefer to cite.
- **SUBJECT MATTER DENSITY**: Meaningful Data to Marketing Fluff ratio (>70%).

### MANDATORY REQUIREMENTS (STRICT NO-BLUFF MODE):
1. **Evidence-Based Reporting**: For every weakness identified, you MUST cite a specific `evidence_url` from the provided context. If you cannot find evidence, you MUST NOT report the issue.
2. **Deterministic Data**: Base your score on the provided content excerpts. Generic content advice is strictly forbidden.
3. **Tool Call**: Use the `submit_audit_result` tool to finalize your audit.

### AUDIT OUTPUT (MANDATORY JSON STRUCTURE):
Return the strategic analysis in JSON format inside <json> tags.

```json
{
  "score": 0,
  "score_after": 0,
  "restricted": false,
  "restriction_reason": "",
  "summary": "Full English strategic insight summary (2-3 lines).",
  "strengths": ["Strength 1", "Strength 2"],
  "weaknesses": [{"issue": "Weakness 1", "evidence_url": "https://..."}],
  "roadmap": ["Step 1: Description", "Step 2: Description"]
}
```

### ABSOLUTE DATA RESTRICTION RULE ("NO-BLUFF" PROTOCOL):
If the specific content data you require (e.g., H-tags, Body text, Paragraphs) is mostly missing or blocked by the target site:
1. You MUST set `"restricted": true`.
2. You MUST explain the exact blockage in `"restriction_reason"` (e.g., "Site blocked content extraction due to Single Page App rendering wall").
3. You MUST NOT hallucinate a score or assume an 8/10. Set score to 0.

### PINPOINT WEAKNESS DISCOVERY:
- [-25] Generic Hollow Content.
- [-20] The Echo Penalty (identical to top-10 search results).
- [-15] Credential Voids (missing author authority).


=== CONTEXT PAYLOAD ===
TARGET_URL: https://www.typeform.com/

BRAND_VISIBILITY_GROUND_TRUTH: {"brand_name": "Typeform", "domain": "typeform.com", "analysis_date": "Generated by GEO-SEO Claude Tool", "key_insight": "Brand mentions correlate 3x more strongly with AI visibility than backlinks (Ahrefs Dec 2025, 75K brands)", "platforms": {"youtube": {"platform": "YouTube", "correlation": 0.737, "weight": "25%", "has_channel": false, "mentioned_in_videos": false, "search_url": "https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Typeform", "recommendations": ["Create a YouTube channel if none exists", "Publish educational/tutorial content related to your niche", "Encourage customers to create review/demo videos", "Optimize video titles and descriptions with brand name", "Add timestamps and chapters to improve AI parseability", "Include transcripts (YouTube auto-generates, but review for accuracy)"], "check_instructions": ["Search YouTube for 'Typeform' and check:", "1. Does the brand have an official YouTube channel?", "2. Are there videos FROM the brand (tutorials, demos, thought leadership)?", "3. Are there videos ABOUT the brand from other creators?", "4. What's the view count on brand-related videos?", "5. Are there positive reviews or demonstrations?"]}, "reddit": {"platform": "Reddit", "correlation": "High", "weight": "25%", "has_subreddit": false, "mentioned_in_discussions": false, "search_url": "https://www.reddit.com/search/?q=Typeform", "recommendations": ["Monitor relevant subreddits for brand mentions", "Participate authentically in industry discussions (no spam)", "Create an official Reddit account for customer support", "Share valuable content (not just self-promotion)", "Respond to questions about your product/service category", "Reddit authenticity matters \u2014 don't use marketing speak"], "check_instructions": ["Search Reddit for 'Typeform' and check:", "1. Does the brand have its own subreddit (r/brandname)?", "2. Is the brand discussed in relevant industry subreddits?", "3. What's the sentiment (positive, negative, neutral)?", "4. Are there recommendation threads mentioning the brand?", "5. Does the brand have an official Reddit presence?", "6. Are mentions recent (within last 6 months)?"]}, "wikipedia": {"platform": "Wikipedia", "correlation": "High", "weight": "20%", "has_wikipedia_page": true, "has_wikidata_entry": true, "cited_in_articles": false, "search_url": "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:Search?search=Typeform", "wikidata_url": "https://www.wikidata.org/w/index.php?search=Typeform", "recommendations": ["If eligible, create a Wikipedia article (requires notability criteria)", "Ensure Wikidata entry exists with complete structured data", "Add sameAs links in schema markup pointing to Wikipedia/Wikidata", "Get cited in existing Wikipedia articles as a source", "Build notability through press coverage and independent reviews", "Note: Wikipedia has strict notability guidelines \u2014 PR coverage helps establish this"], "top_match_title": "Typeform (service)", "wikipedia_search_results": 10, "wikidata_id": "Q24910393", "wikidata_description": "online form and survey building website"}, "linkedin": {"platform": "LinkedIn", "correlation": "Moderate", "weight": "15%", "has_company_page": false, "employee_thought_leadership": false, "search_url": "https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/companies/?keywords=Typeform", "recommendations": ["Create/optimize LinkedIn company page", "Post regular thought leadership content", "Encourage employees to share company content", "Publish long-form LinkedIn articles", "Engage with industry discussions and comments", "Add company LinkedIn URL to schema sameAs property"], "check_instructions": ["Search LinkedIn for 'Typeform' and check:", "1. Does the company have a LinkedIn page?", "2. How many followers?", "3. Is the page active with recent posts?", "4. Do employees post thought leadership content?", "5. Are there LinkedIn articles about the brand?", "6. Is there engagement on posts (likes, comments, shares)?"]}, "other": {"platform": "Other Platforms", "weight": "15%", "platforms_checked": {"Quora": {"search_url": "https://www.quora.com/search?q=Typeform", "check_instruction": "Search for 'Typeform' on Quora"}, "Stack Overflow": {"search_url": "https://stackoverflow.com/search?q=Typeform", "check_instruction": "Search for 'Typeform' on Stack Overflow"}, "GitHub": {"search_url": "https://github.com/search?q=Typeform", "check_instruction": "Search for 'Typeform' on GitHub"}, "Crunchbase": {"search_url": "https://www.crunchbase.com/textsearch?q=Typeform", "check_instruction": "Search for 'Typeform' on Crunchbase"}, "Product Hunt": {"search_url": "https://www.producthunt.com/search?q=Typeform", "check_instruction": "Search for 'Typeform' on Product Hunt"}, "G2": {"search_url": "https://www.g2.com/search?utf8=&query=Typeform", "check_instruction": "Search for 'Typeform' on G2"}, "Trustpilot": {"search_url": "https://www.trustpilot.com/search?query=Typeform", "check_instruction": "Search for 'Typeform' on Trustpilot"}}, "recommendations": ["Maintain profiles on industry-relevant platforms", "Respond to questions on Quora and Stack Overflow", "Encourage customer reviews on G2 and Trustpilot", "Keep Crunchbase profile updated (important for B2B)", "Open-source contributions on GitHub boost developer brand authority", "Product Hunt launch can generate significant initial buzz"]}}, "overall_recommendations": ["Priority 1: YouTube \u2014 highest correlation (0.737) with AI citations. Create educational content.", "Priority 2: Reddit \u2014 build authentic presence in industry subreddits. No marketing speak.", "Priority 3: Wikipedia \u2014 establish notability through press coverage, then create/improve entry.", "Priority 4: LinkedIn \u2014 thought leadership content from founders and employees.", "Priority 5: Review platforms \u2014 G2, Trustpilot, Capterra for social proof signals.", "Cross-platform: Ensure consistent NAP (Name, Address, Phone) across all platforms.", "Schema markup: Add sameAs property linking to ALL platform profiles.", "Monitor: Set up brand mention alerts across all platforms."]}

AUDIT DATA (TEXT CONTENT ONLY):
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/try/contacts-and-automations/marketing ---
H1: Automate your marketing from the first touchpoint
BODY: Contacts and Automations CONTACTS & AUTOMATIONS Automate your marketing from the first touchpoint Collect better customer data with Typeform, then use built-in automation tools to follow up instantly and grow your audience. All in one simple platform. Try our automation tool Trusted by over 150,000 brands Upgrade to our marketing automation tool AUDIENCE GROWTH Keep all your contacts in one place Automatically import your contacts from forms, and any other tools, in our contacts and automation tool. Store 25,000+ contacts in Typeform and stay on top of leads. See plans AUDIENCE SEGMENTATION Reach the right people at the right time Use AI marketing automation tools to segment your audience based on their responses. Trigger personalized campaigns that boost engagement and help your message land where it matters. See plans AUDIENCE ENGAGEMENT Follow up instantly to drive conversion Engage and convert contacts without having to rely on other tools. Automate customized follow-up flows directly in Typeform. See plans See plans Automate every step Lead qualification Customer acquisition Feedback Customer onboarding LEAD QUALIFICATION Qualify and route leads in real time Use Typeform to capture, segment, and score leads instantly. Easily trigger nurture emails, or even let qualified leads book a call. Find out more CUSTOMER ACQUISITION Automate lead capture and follow-up Capture and keep leads with beautiful, conversational forms. Then drive conversion through automated follow-up flows and customized campaigns. Find out more FEEDBACK Collect and act on responses, fast Run surveys and capture feedback with Typeform. Send results where they need to go, alert the right people, and create follow-ups instantly. Find out more CUSTOMER ONBOARDING Onboard customers easily and automatically Collect the information you need up front, then use Typeform to notify your team, create tasks, and launch tailored email sequences. Keep customers engaged without slowing down. Find out more Discover all Contacts & Automations features Contact Hub Ditch the clunky spreadsheets and automatically manage your contacts in one place. Learn more Contact Profile Capture, update, and customize each contacts’ data automatically, including anything you collect from their form responses. Learn more Contact Segments Create custom audience segments that allow you to personalize any follow-up. As your targeting changes, so can your segmentation. Learn more Custom Properties Define the custom properties of your contacts that will let you capture and track the data that matters to your business. Learn more Automation Builder Engage customers and convert prospects with easy-to-build email automations. Learn more Email Builder Easily create branded follow-up emails that look and feel like your forms. Learn more See plans 95% of people get more data, more easily after switching to Typeform Rated 4.5 out of 850+ reviews on G2.com and trusted by Try Typeform Create unlimited forms, access 3,000+ templates, and start getting responses. See plans
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/try/contacts-and-automations/crm ---
H1: Grow faster with a CRM made for small teams
BODY: Contacts and Automations CONTACTS & AUTOMATIONS Grow faster with a CRM made for small teams Manage and segment your customers in a CRM made for small businesses, then nurture them with automated follow-ups. All in Typeform. Try our CRM tool Trusted by over 150,000 brands Upgrade to our Customer Relationship Management tool CRM SYSTEM Keep all your contacts in one place Automatically sync contacts from forms, or import from any other tools. Store 25,000+ contacts in Typeform’s built-in customer relationship software and stay on top of leads. See plans customer relationship management Reach the right people at the right time Use smart CRM tools and custom properties to segment your audience, then spark engagement with targeted outreach inside your workflow. See plans SALES CRM Follow up instantly to drive conversion Engage customers without relying on multiple tools. Trigger automated follow-ups directly in Typeform to support your sales CRM workflows. See plans See plans Automate every step Lead qualification Customer acquisition Feedback Customer onboarding LEAD QUALIFICATION Qualify and route leads in real time Use Typeform to capture, segment, and score leads instantly. Easily trigger nurture emails, or even let qualified leads book a call. Find out more CUSTOMER ACQUISITION Automate lead capture and follow-up Capture and keep leads with beautiful, conversational forms. Then drive conversion through automated follow-up flows and customized campaigns. Find out more FEEDBACK 
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/fr/pricing ---
H1: Commencez à utiliser les formulaires IA
BODY: Tarifs & forfaits | Typeform Skip to main content Commencez à utiliser les formulaires IA Mensuel Annuel (économisez 16%) Basic Créez des formulaires IA interactifs qui se connectent à votre flux de travail 29 USD / mois 348 USD total / an 25 USD / mois Sauvegarder 58 USD / an Opter pour Basic 100 réponses/mois incluses 1 utilisateur Formulaires illimités Questions illimitées Ceci est du texte à l'intérieur d'un bloc div. Voir toutes les fonctionnalités Plus Rendez vos formulaires IA plus esthétiques et plus fidèles à votre image de marque 59 USD / mois 708 USD total / an 50 USD / mois Sauvegarder 118 USD / an Opter pour Plus 1 000 réponses/mois incluses 3 utilisateurs Tout dans Basic Supprimer la marque Typeform Sous-domaine personnalisé Ceci est du texte à l'intérieur d'un bloc div. Voir toutes les fonctionnalités Module complémentaire disponible Business Analysez les performances grâce à l'IA et tirez davantage parti de vos données 99 USD / mois 1 188 USD total / an 83 USD / mois Sauvegarder 198 USD / an Opter pour Business 10 000 réponses/mois incluses 5 utilisateurs Tout dans Plus Taux d'abandon Suivi des conversions Assistance prioritaire et chat en direct Ceci est du texte à l'intérieur d'un bloc div. Voir toutes les fonctionnalités Module complémentaire disponible Enterprise Profitez d'une croissance illimitée grâce à des fonctionnalités avancées et à une assistance Contactez le service commercial Limites de réponse et sièges sur mesure Assistance VIP et gestionnaire 
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/pricing ---
H1: Get started with AI forms
BODY: Plans & Pricing | Typeform Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Get started with AI forms Monthly Yearly (Save 30%) Basic Create interactive AI forms that connect to your workflow 39 USD / mo 468 USD total / yr 28 USD / mo Save 132 USD / yr Get Basic 100 responses/mo included 1 user Unlimited typeforms Unlimited questions This is some text inside of a div block. See all features Plus Make your AI forms more beautiful and on-brand 79 USD / mo 948 USD total / yr 56 USD / mo Save 276 USD / yr Get Plus 1,000 responses/mo included 3 users Everything in Basic Remove Typeform branding Custom subdomain This is some text inside of a div block. See all features Add-ons available Business Analyze performance with AI and do more with your data 129 USD / mo 1,548 USD total / yr 91 USD / mo Save 456 USD / yr Get Business 10,000 responses/mo included 5 users Everything in Plus Drop-off rates Conversion tracking Priority support and live chat This is some text inside of a div block. See all features Add-ons available Enterprise Unlock limitless growth with advanced features and support Contact Sales Tailored response limits and seats VIP support and dedicated outcomes manager Custom domains and branding Single Sign-On (SSO) HIPAA and GDPR compliance available Select preferred data center This is some text inside of a div block. See all features Add-ons available Growth Pro For growing teams that need to automate and streamline their 
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/ai-services ---
H1: AI Services
BODY: AI Services Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. AI Services Optional Features These terms apply to one of the Optional Features you can use as part of our Services. Please click here to learn more . For us to offer you the features identified below (the “ AI Services” ), we need the collaboration of third parties such as Claude Anthropic's LLM models via Amazon Bedrock or Open AI (indistinctly referred to as the “ AI Providers ”). AI Providers are not an affiliate, partner, agent or representative of us. We disclaim any liability for any output, including their accuracy, integrity, quality, legality, usefulness or safety, or any intellectual property rights therein. You may provide input when using the AI Services (“ Input ”) to receive output powered by AI (“ Output ”). We do not own and we will not claim ownership of the Input and the Output, but we do not make any guarantees, representations or warranties of any kind to you regarding the ownership or your right to use the Output. We disclaim any liability for any third-party IP, including their accuracy, integrity, quality, legality, usefulness or safety, or any intellectual property rights therein. You further acknowledge that due to the nature of machine learning and the technology powering these AI Services, Output may not be unique and the AI Services at issue may generate the same or similar output to a third party. The availability of any of these AI Service
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/ai ---
H1: Meet your AI know-pilot
BODY: Typeform AI: Unlock the Future of Forms | Create Smarter Forms Today Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. TYPEFORM AI Meet your AI know-pilot Getting to know people with forms, quizzes, and surveys is easy with a helping hand from Typeform AI. It speeds up form creation and data analysis, so you’re free to act on insights instead. Try Typeform AI More than 150,000 brands grow with Typeform By your side to help with: CREATOR AI Building forms Describe the form you need, then watch Creator AI build and brand it. You can edit anything, too. INTERACTION AI Adapting questions No two form takers are the same. Interaction AI asks  relevant follow-up questions, so they share more. INSIGHTS AI Analyzing data Understand what the data is telling you faster by chatting with Insights AI about it. CREATOR AI Build a form like a pro Our AI can automate questions, designs, and edits so you can create forms that connect with your audience faster: ‍ AI Form Builder AI Form Import AI Brand Kit AI Form Translation AI Content Optimizer INTERACTION AI Get all the data Once your form is live, hand over the microphone to Typeform AI. It asks unique, interview-style follow-up questions automatically, so you can learn more: ‍ Clarify with AI INSIGHTS AI Skip straight to insights The data is in. Now analyze it fast with Typeform AI. It can summarize findings, generate charts, and uncover key themes from open-ended responses: ‍ Ask AI Qualitativ
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/contacts-and-automations ---
H1: Automatically turn data into business growth
BODY: Manage, Segment & Engage Contacts | Typeform CONTACTS & AUTOMATIONS Automatically turn data into business growth Easily manage and segment your customers, then keep them engaged with automated follow-ups. All in Typeform. See plans Take a tour Trusted by 95% of the Fortune 500 Manage your customer journeys in one platform AUDIENCE GROWTH Keep all your contacts in one place Automatically import your contacts from forms and any other tools. Store 25,000+ contacts in Typeform and stay on top of leads. Learn more AUDIENCE SEGMENTATION Reach the right people at the right time Use custom properties to segment your audience. Then spark engagement with highly personalized campaigns. Learn more AUDIENCE ENGAGEMENT Follow up instantly to drive conversion Engage and convert contacts without having to rely on other tools. Automate customized follow-up flows directly in Typeform. Learn more See plans Automate every step Lead qualification Customer acquisition Feedback Customer onboarding LEAD QUALIFICATION Qualify and route leads in real time Use Typeform to capture, segment, and score leads instantly. Easily trigger nurture emails, or even let qualified leads book a call. Find out more CUSTOMER ACQUISITION Automate lead capture and follow-up Capture and keep leads with beautiful, conversational forms. Then drive conversion through automated follow-up flows and customized campaigns. Find out more FEEDBACK Collect and act on responses, fast Run surveys and capture feedback with Typeform. S
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/enterprise ---
H1: Hello, Typeform Enterprise
BODY: Enterprise - The highest level of conversational forms | Typeform Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Hello, Typeform Enterprise Unleash your full potential with a tailor-made Enterprise plan: limitless responses and user seats, VIP support, SSO, and more. Get in touch Trusted by 95% of the Fortune 500 Maximize impact Everything your business needs with our Enterprise-exclusive features: Goodbye, response limits Hello, more insights, leads, and opportunities. Seats for everyone Add as many users as you need. More users + more use cases = more business. VIP account management A dedicated Customer Success Manager will guide you to success. Tailored onboarding Our Technical Implementation Specialist set you up for success. Customization Create custom domains and stay on brand right down to the details. Secure and compliant SSO, GDPR, HIPAA, US or EU Data Center Your personalized path to success Your dedicated Customer Success Manager will take care of you from the start with Zoom calls to get to know your needs and build your tailor-made plan. Training calls with access to a Technical Implementation Specialist will set you and your team up to win. A follow-up at 30 days, and regular check-ins beyond that, will ensure you’re on track with your goals. Plus you’ll get: VIP priority support if you ever run into issues. Data-based recommendations to maximize the value you get from Typeform across your organization. Access to
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/partners ---
H1: Grow your business with Typeform
BODY: Empower people with unforgettable online interactions Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Typeform Partner program Grow your business with Typeform Whether you're providing agency services or building platform integrations, the Typeform Partner Program gives you the tools and support to grow faster. Join for free and start delivering more for your clients. Become an agency partner Become a technology partner We’re proud to partner with leading agencies and tech innovators Why partner with Typeform? Generate more business Help your clients stand out and collect more data with interactive forms and automated workflows. Grow your business with partner-specific tools, training, and incentives. Build integrations people love From in-depth guides to API documentation, get everything you need to build integrations that unlock new use cases and streamline customer experiences. Join a trusted ecosystem Join a community of agencies, consultants, and tech partners who use Typeform to create better experiences and smoother workflows for their clients. Become an agency partner Become a technology partner How you can partner with Typeform agency partners Help clients reach their full potential Designed for agencies, freelancers, and consultants who want to use Typeform to create better client experiences. Access the tools, training, and rewards to make your work more impactful. Learn more Apply now technology partners Build integr
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/partners/technology ---
H1: Build better integrations with Typeform
BODY: Technology Partnerships with Typeform Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. TECHNOLOGY PARTNER PROGRAM Build better integrations with Typeform If you’re a platform, product team, or developer building integrations, you could become a Typeform Technology Partner. Work with us to simplify how your users collect data and make every customer experience more valuable. Apply now Why build with Typeform? Grow your reach Feature in the Typeform App Marketplace and put your integration in front of a global audience. Help thousands of teams discover new ways to get work done faster and more easily. Create seamless workflows From CRMs to automation platforms, let users move data effortlessly between Typeform and the tools they rely on. Help them cut manual work and uncover more insights in one connected workflow. Build better together Access Typeform’s open APIs and developer portal to build powerful integrations that unlock new workflows, new strategies, and a faster path to value for your customers. Apply now 75% of Typeform customers use at least one integration Show up where users are already working and make your integration part of their everyday workflow. Apply now Integrations Join a community of leading tech innovators See what others have built “Partnering with Typeform empowers CallRail to seamlessly integrate form creation with attribution tracking, enabling our shared customers to make more data-driven campaign decis
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/partners/technology ---
H1: Build better integrations with Typeform
BODY: Technology Partnerships with Typeform Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. TECHNOLOGY PARTNER PROGRAM Build better integrations with Typeform If you’re a platform, product team, or developer building integrations, you could become a Typeform Technology Partner. Work with us to simplify how your users collect data and make every customer experience more valuable. Apply now Why build with Typeform? Grow your reach Feature in the Typeform App Marketplace and put your integration in front of a global audience. Help thousands of teams discover new ways to get work done faster and more easily. Create seamless workflows From CRMs to automation platforms, let users move data effortlessly between Typeform and the tools they rely on. Help them cut manual work and uncover more insights in one connected workflow. Build better together Access Typeform’s open APIs and developer portal to build powerful integrations that unlock new workflows, new strategies, and a faster path to value for your customers. Apply now 75% of Typeform customers use at least one integration Show up where users are already working and make your integration part of their everyday workflow. Apply now Integrations Join a community of leading tech innovators See what others have built “Partnering with Typeform empowers CallRail to seamlessly integrate form creation with attribution tracking, enabling our shared customers to make more data-driven campaign decis
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/fr/ai ---
H1: Rencontrez votre pilote d'IA
BODY: Typeform AI : Libérez l'avenir des formulaires | Créez des formulaires plus intelligents dès aujourd'hui Skip to main content TYPEFORM AI Rencontrez votre pilote d'IA Apprenez à connaître les gens avec des formulaires, des quiz et des enquêtes, c'est facile avec l'aide de Typeform AI. L'IA accélère la création de formulaires et l'analyse des données, vous n'avez plus qu'à agir en fonction des insights révélés. Essayez Typeform AI Plus de 150 000 marques grandissent avec Typeform À vos côtés pour vous aider avec : CREATOR AI Générer des formulaires Décrivez le formulaire dont vous avez besoin, puis regardez Creator AI le générer et le marquer. Vous pouvez également modifier n'importe quoi. INTERACTION AI Adapter les questions Il n'y a pas deux répondants qui se ressemblent. Interaction AI pose des questions de suivi pertinentes, afin qu'ils partagent davantage. INSIGHTS AI Analyser les données Comprenez ce que les données vous disent plus rapidement en discutant avec Insights AI. CREATOR AI Créez un formulaire comme un pro Notre IA peut automatiser les questions, les conceptions et les modifications afin que vous puissiez créer des formulaires qui incitent plus rapidement votre public : ‍ Créateur de formulaires IA Importation de formulaire IA Kit de marque IA Traduction de formulaire IA Optimiseur de contenu IA INTERACTION AI Obtenez toutes les données Une fois votre formulaire en ligne, passez le micro à Typeform AI. Il pose automatiquement des questions de suivi uniques, de
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/partners ---
H1: Grow your business with Typeform
BODY: Empower people with unforgettable online interactions Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Typeform Partner program Grow your business with Typeform Whether you're providing agency services or building platform integrations, the Typeform Partner Program gives you the tools and support to grow faster. Join for free and start delivering more for your clients. Become an agency partner Become a technology partner We’re proud to partner with leading agencies and tech innovators Why partner with Typeform? Generate more business Help your clients stand out and collect more data with interactive forms and automated workflows. Grow your business with partner-specific tools, training, and incentives. Build integrations people love From in-depth guides to API documentation, get everything you need to build integrations that unlock new use cases and streamline customer experiences. Join a trusted ecosystem Join a community of agencies, consultants, and tech partners who use Typeform to create better experiences and smoother workflows for their clients. Become an agency partner Become a technology partner How you can partner with Typeform agency partners Help clients reach their full potential Designed for agencies, freelancers, and consultants who want to use Typeform to create better client experiences. Access the tools, training, and rewards to make your work more impactful. Learn more Apply now technology partners Build integr
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/partners/agencies ---
H1: Help your clients grow with the power of data
BODY: Partner with Typeform for Agencies: Elevate Your Client Projects Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Help your clients grow with the power of data Whether you're helping clients boost conversions, capture better insights, or build automated workflows, the Typeform Agency Partner Program gives you the tools, support, and resources to deliver more. Apply now We’re proud to partner with leading global agencies Why partner with Typeform? Gain access to the software, support and resources you’ll need to become the partner your clients can’t live without. Grow your client base Attract new business with forms and workflows that look great, work fast, and help your clients get real results, fast. Unlock new revenue streams Get discovered by Typeform customers looking for experts just like you. Bring their ideas to life and earn revenue share from client referrals. Streamline your workflows Easily manage multiple client accounts with agency access. Collaborate in one shared space and switch seamlessly between workflows. Become an expert Get access to hands-on training, sales enablement, and marketing resources. So you can feel confident using Typeform and helping others do the same. Get more exposure Be seen by thousands of potential clients in our Agency Directory. Share what you do best, get more leads, and grow your network. Onboard without stress We make it easy to hit the ground running. Track your referrals, keep an eye on performance and a
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/fr/platform-overview ---
H1: Obtenez jusqu'à 3,5 fois plus de données à partir de vos formulaires
BODY: Présentation de la plateforme présentation de la plateforme Obtenez jusqu'à 3,5 fois plus de données à partir de vos formulaires Typeform vous aide à collecter plus de données avec des formulaires, des enquêtes et des quiz conçus pour être attrayants, et à utiliser ces données à bon escient afin que vous sachiez plus rapidement quelle sera votre prochaine étape. Essayez Typeform gratuitement Approuvé par plus de 150 000 marques pourquoi typeform ? Conçu pour captiver Des designs accrocheurs Personnalisez tout, des couleurs et des logos jusqu'aux domaines, afin que vos formulaires soient conformes à la marque (et beaux). En savoir plus Des vidéos engageantes Les gens s'intéressent davantage avec de la vidéo qu'avec du texte. Formulaires vidéo CUE : vous enregistrez les questions et les personnes enregistrent leurs réponses, ce qui se traduit par des insights plus approfondis. En savoir plus Un design intuitif L'enrichissement des données vous permet de poser moins de questions, ce qui aide à garder les gens concentrés. Vous pouvez même adapter les questions de suivi en fonction de leurs réponses. En savoir plus FONCTIONNALITÉS Comment ça marche Concevez des formulaires engageants Connectez vos outils Atteignez votre public Automatisez vos flux de travail Analysez vos données Partagez vos insights Concevez des formulaires engageants Obtenez plus de réponses avec des formulaires conversationnels, magnifiquement conçus et faciles à créer. Commencez par un modèle professionnel ou 
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/es/platform-overview ---
H1: Obtén hasta 3.5 veces más datos de tus formularios
BODY: Descripción general de la plataforma descripción general de la plataforma Obtén hasta 3.5 veces más datos de tus formularios Typeform te ayuda a recopilar más datos con formularios, encuestas y cuestionarios diseñados para ser atractivos, y le da un buen uso a esos datos para saber cómo moverte a continuación. Prueba Typeform gratis Más de 150 000 marcas confían en nosotros ¿Por qué Typeform? Diseñado para ser atractivo Diseños llamativos Personaliza todo, desde colores y logotipos hasta dominios personalizados, para que tus formularios reflejen tu identidad de marca (y tengan un buen aspecto). Más información Vídeos entretenidos Las personas interactúan más con vídeos que solo con texto. Prepara formularios de video: tú grabas las preguntas y las personas graban sus respuestas, lo que da como resultado información más detallada. Más información Aspecto intuitivo El enriquecimiento de los datos significa que haces menos preguntas, lo que ayuda a mantener a las personas concentradas. Incluso puedes adaptar las preguntas de seguimiento en función de sus respuestas. Más información CARACTERÍSTICAS Cómo funciona Diseña formularios entretenidos Conecta tus herramientas Llega a tu audiencia Automatiza tus flujos de trabajo Analiza tus datos Comparte información Diseña formularios entretenidos Consigue más respuestas con formularios conversacionales y bien diseñados que además son fáciles de crear. Empieza con una plantilla profesional o genera preguntas con la IA rápidamente. Más i
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/reporting ---
H1: Hear what your data is really saying
BODY: Typeform Reporting | Analyze & Visualize Your Form Data Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. ANALYTICS AND REPORTING Hear what your data is really saying Typeform’s built-in analytics help you quickly understand what’s working, what needs attention, and what to do next. Whether you're prioritizing features or following up on feedback, you’ll have all the insights you need to take action. Get started—it's free Trusted by 95% of the Fortune 500 Give your team answers they can act on From spotting friction to surfacing sentiment, Typeform’s analysis tools make it easy to find the insights that matter most to your role. Marketing teams Improve campaign performance Use survey analytics and sentiment analysis to see what’s landing or losing leads. Surface insights to refine targeting, personalize messaging, and remove friction for more conversions. Product and research teams Turn feedback into features Quickly spot common themes, blockers, and tone across interviews, feedback, and open responses. Save hours of manual review and bring clear insights back to your team. HR and People teams Understand your team better Catch trends and act on what’s driving sentiment and engagement. Spot patterns in onboarding, engagement surveys, and exit interviews to get a quick pulse on morale and training opportunities. Get started—it's free RESPONSE summary All your data, in one place See how your form performs and what your responses are really telling you. B
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/es/reporting ---
H1: Hear what your data is really saying
BODY: Typeform Reporting | Analyze & Visualize Your Form Data ANALYTICS AND REPORTING Hear what your data is really saying Typeform’s built-in analytics help you quickly understand what’s working, what needs attention, and what to do next. Whether you're prioritizing features or following up on feedback, you’ll have all the insights you need to take action. Get started—it's free Trusted by 95% of the Fortune 500 Give your team answers they can act on From spotting friction to surfacing sentiment, Typeform’s analysis tools make it easy to find the insights that matter most to your role. Marketing teams Improve campaign performance Use survey analytics and sentiment analysis to see what’s landing or losing leads. Surface insights to refine targeting, personalize messaging, and remove friction for more conversions. Product and research teams Turn feedback into features Quickly spot common themes, blockers, and tone across interviews, feedback, and open responses. Save hours of manual review and bring clear insights back to your team. HR and People teams Understand your team better Catch trends and act on what’s driving sentiment and engagement. Spot patterns in onboarding, engagement surveys, and exit interviews to get a quick pulse on morale and training opportunities. Get started—it's free RESPONSE summary All your data, in one place See how your form performs and what your responses are really telling you. Built-in analytics reveal completion rates, drop-offs, and patterns in your 
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/5-ways-to-make-your-marketing-strategies-more-human ---
H1: 5 ways to make your marketing strategies more human
BODY: 5 ways to make your marketing strategies more human Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Tips 5 ways to make your marketing strategies more human 10 min read Last published 12.13.2024 Author Lydia Kentowski Category Tips Personalization Zero-party data B2B Use case 5 ways to make your marketing strategies more human A humanized marketing approach can make all the difference in building consumer trust, especially in a new age of AI and automation. Here are a few strategies that can help. Share Latest posts on Tips How to measure customer satisfaction the right way Lydia Kentowski | January 21, 2026 Read more 12 customer satisfaction questions that reveal real insights Sheena Fronk | December 2, 2025 Read more Online surveys: How to conduct a survey in 7 steps Typeform | November 25, 2025 Read more 14 examples of ranking survey questions to use in 2026 Typeform | November 18, 2025 Read more Share Contents Contents table item What do brands like Dove, Patagonia, and Ben & Jerry’s have in common? Other than stellar products, their success comes from winning trust with their audience by communicating and demonstrating strong shared values. Whether it’s body positivity, a relationship with the earth, or social activism—these values are deeply human. More than ever, earning consumer trust is crucial for businesses. In a 2023 Edelman Trust Barometer Special Report , 71% of consumers said it’s more important to trust
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/customer-success-strategy-guide ---
H1: How to implement your customer success strategy: a step-by-step guide
BODY: How to implement your customer success strategy: a step-by-step guide - Typeform blog Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Opinions and Expertise How to implement your customer success strategy: a step-by-step guide 10 min read Last published 4.1.2025 Author Lydia Kentowski Category Opinions and Expertise Customer success How to implement your customer success strategy: a step-by-step guide Learn how to implement your customer success strategy with this step-by-step guide. Discover best practices, key metrics, and tips for aligning teams and automating workflows. Share Latest posts on Opinions and Expertise The adaptive customer journeys playbook: How modern teams turn signals into flows Lydia Kentowski | February 11, 2026 Read more The rise of adaptive, momentum-driven journeys (and the fall of the static funnel) Ryan Cahill | January 26, 2026 Read more Customer flows, not funnels: Why marketers are rethinking how customers move Lydia Kentowski | December 4, 2025 Read more Keep it moving: From forms to (work)flows Typeform | November 26, 2025 Read more Share Contents Contents table item Aside from meeting—or exceeding—customer expectations, there are dozens of reasons to prioritize customer success (CS), including: Increased customer satisfaction (CSAT) Lower churn and higher retention rates Higher monthly recurring revenue (MRR) Improved customer experience But, like with any other initiative, the success 
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/how-to-collect-qualify-and-nurture-leads-typeform-hubspot ---
H1: How to collect, qualify, and nurture leads with Typeform and HubSpot
BODY: How to collect, qualify, and nurture leads with Typeform and HubSpot Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Product How to collect, qualify, and nurture leads with Typeform and HubSpot 10 min read Last published 12.13.2024 Author Typeform Category Product Lead generation B2B How to collect, qualify, and nurture leads with Typeform and HubSpot Learn how Typeform and HubSpot work together for a more efficient lead generation process. Get started in three easy steps Share Latest posts on Product How to build a lead generation engine with Typeform Sheena Fronk | October 22, 2025 Read more Typeform vs Google Form: Which Should You Choose in 2025? Typeform | September 29, 2025 Read more Typeform vs. Zoho: Which should you choose? [2025] Typeform | August 12, 2025 Read more Ready for a post-holiday power up? New features to make your forms faster, smarter, and more personalized Ryan Cahill | August 7, 2025 Read more Share Chocolate is sweet. Peanut butter is salty. But something special happens when you put them together. While maybe not as mouth-wateringly delightful, you’ll find the same kind of magic when two pieces of software come together to simplify an important process for your business: lead generation. Engaging forms are more interesting to complete, so they make it easier to gather leads. Software that makes it simple to manage your contact records helps you nurture those leads effectively. But the real ma
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/typeform-launches-ai-suite ---
H1: Typeform launches AI suite to power smarter data collection
BODY: Typeform Launches AI Suite to Power Smarter Data Collection Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home News Typeform launches AI suite to power smarter data collection 10 min read Last published 2.21.2025 Author Typeform Category News Product Product feature Press release Typeform launches AI suite to power smarter data collection With new additions to Creator AI, Interaction AI, and Insights AI, brands can create smarter forms and get better insights Share Latest posts on News Typeform Names Aleks Bass Chief Product and Technology Officer to Accelerate AI-Driven Product Development Typeform | March 17, 2026 Read more Typeform launches AI data enrichment to improve lead conversion Typeform | February 4, 2026 Read more Typeform launches AI engagement platform to turn forms into workflows Typeform | October 23, 2025 Read more Is influencer marketing facing a credibility crisis? New report from Typeform says yes Typeform | May 28, 2025 Read more Share SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 20, 2025 - Typeform , the intuitive form builder and conversational data collection platform, today announced its Winter ‘25 release, delivering more AI-powered capabilities that help companies create, interact, and analyze with AI to get deeper insights, faster. With AI infused into every step of the data collection process, customers can simplify workflows and save time, while elevating the customer experience. “At Typeform, we're transforming data
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/how-product-recommendation-quizzes-integrations-unlock-growth ---
H1: From static to smart: How quizzes and integrations fuel scalable growth
BODY: From static to smart: How quizzes and integrations fuel scalable growth Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Opinions and Expertise From static to smart: How quizzes and integrations fuel scalable growth 10 min read Last published 2.27.2025 Author Lydia Kentowski Category Opinions and Expertise Personalization Use case Zero-party data Product recommendation From static to smart: How quizzes and integrations fuel scalable growth See how product recommendation quizzes and integrations turn zero-party data into real-time, scalable personalization—fueling growth without relying on third-party cookies. Share Latest posts on Opinions and Expertise The adaptive customer journeys playbook: How modern teams turn signals into flows Lydia Kentowski | February 11, 2026 Read more The rise of adaptive, momentum-driven journeys (and the fall of the static funnel) Ryan Cahill | January 26, 2026 Read more Customer flows, not funnels: Why marketers are rethinking how customers move Lydia Kentowski | December 4, 2025 Read more Keep it moving: From forms to (work)flows Typeform | November 26, 2025 Read more Share E-commerce has entered an era where personalization isn't just a nice-to-have—it's an expectation. Shoppers demand tailored experiences that anticipate their needs, but most brands struggle to scale beyond basic segmentation and one-size-fits-all recommendations. The reason? Traditional personalization strategies just 
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/es/blog/how-hubspot-built-a-lead-generating-app-with-typeform ---
H1: How HubSpot built a viral, lead-generating app with Typeform
BODY: How HubSpot built a viral, lead-generating app with Typeform Skip to main content Blog home Customer How HubSpot built a viral, lead-generating app with Typeform 10 min read Last published 1.17.2025 Author Eric Johnson Category Customer B2B How HubSpot built a viral, lead-generating app with Typeform Using an engaging, conversational interface, thousands of marketers easily create their buyer personas.<br> Compartir Latest posts on Customer How Viva scaled talent acquisition and cut time to hire by 75% with Typeform Typeform | October 29, 2025 Más información SmartBug Media drives a 40% increase in sales leads with a single, customized Typeform Typeform | August 15, 2025 Más información Double Denim Marketing doubles conversions and drives $3.67 million in sales with Typeform Typeform | August 14, 2025 Más información How Reckon used Typeform to transform its voice of the customer program Grace Porter | March 27, 2025 Más información Compartir It had all the makings of a great speech. It was powerful. It was personal. And he delivered it perfectly. Problem was, President Obama spoke to the wrong crowd . On January 25, 2011, Obama gave his third State of the Union address. He delivered a masterful speech on compromises in Congress. But what the American people needed was vision and hope. In other words, he created great content, but for the wrong audience. It’s a lesson that all good orators, content creators, and businesses should know by now: If you want to have impact, you’
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/ultimate-survey-distribution-guide ---
H1: Optimizing survey distribution: the ultimate guide
BODY: Optimizing survey distribution: the ultimate guide Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Opinions and Expertise Optimizing survey distribution: the ultimate guide 10 min read Last published 12.13.2024 Author Lydia Kentowski Category Opinions and Expertise Use case Guide Marketers Optimizing survey distribution: the ultimate guide If marketing is your superpower, then you know that data fuels your success. And while surveys can be a powerful tool in the realm of data collection, without proper distribution, you could be leaving valuable insights on the table. Read more in our ultimate guide to survey distribution Share Latest posts on Opinions and Expertise The adaptive customer journeys playbook: How modern teams turn signals into flows Lydia Kentowski | February 11, 2026 Read more The rise of adaptive, momentum-driven journeys (and the fall of the static funnel) Ryan Cahill | January 26, 2026 Read more Customer flows, not funnels: Why marketers are rethinking how customers move Lydia Kentowski | December 4, 2025 Read more Keep it moving: From forms to (work)flows Typeform | November 26, 2025 Read more Share Contents Contents table item In today's data-driven business landscape, surveys have become an indispensable tool for gathering insights from customers, employees, and other stakeholders. But simply creating a survey isn't enough—effective survey distribution is crucial to gaining high completion rates an
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/typeform-vs-surveymonkey ---
H1: Typeform vs. SurveyMonkey: Which Is Better? [2025]
BODY: Typeform vs. SurveyMonkey: Which Is Better? [2025] - Typeform Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Product Typeform vs. SurveyMonkey: Which Is Better? [2025] 10 min read Last published 4.21.2025 Author Typeform Category Product Product Product feature Typeform vs. SurveyMonkey: Which Is Better? [2025] Looking for a form builder that helps you get more—and better—data without sacrificing style and function? We’re breaking down how Typeform and SurveyMonkey stack up so you don’t have to. Share Latest posts on Product How to build a lead generation engine with Typeform Sheena Fronk | October 22, 2025 Read more Typeform vs Google Form: Which Should You Choose in 2025? Typeform | September 29, 2025 Read more Typeform vs. Zoho: Which should you choose? [2025] Typeform | August 12, 2025 Read more Ready for a post-holiday power up? New features to make your forms faster, smarter, and more personalized Ryan Cahill | August 7, 2025 Read more Share Gathering customer feedback , conducting market research , or exploring what motivates your audience ? You need a robust form builder that gets you the data you need to make truly data-driven decisions. But with so many form builders available, which should you pick? You need a tool that helps you create forms people actually complete, makes data collection effortless, and fits in perfectly with your existing workflow. Typeform and SurveyMonkey are two of the most well-known
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/how-to-generate-leads ---
H1: How to generate leads in 2020: from basic to beast mode
BODY: How to generate leads in 2020: from basic to beast mode - Typeform blog Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Tips How to generate leads in 2020: from basic to beast mode 10 min read Last published 1.13.2025 Author Kirsty Finlayson Category Tips Marketers B2B How to generate leads in 2020: from basic to beast mode Tried all the basic ways to generate leads? Feel like you need some inspiration to fill your email list with hot leads? Well, look no further. Here are our top tips to get more leads (with expert opinions!) Share Latest posts on Tips How to measure customer satisfaction the right way Lydia Kentowski | January 21, 2026 Read more 12 customer satisfaction questions that reveal real insights Sheena Fronk | December 2, 2025 Read more Online surveys: How to conduct a survey in 7 steps Typeform | November 25, 2025 Read more 14 examples of ranking survey questions to use in 2026 Typeform | November 18, 2025 Read more Share If you work in marketing, you probably already know what lead generation is. Or if you don’t, you frantically Googled and stumbled upon this page half-way through the marketing weekly. Hi. Long story short, there’s an infinite amount of ways to get more leads and signups. And every year this list gets longer. This article will cover the old-school lead gen tips, as well as some extra-special, expert-approved lead gen tricks. Exciting stuff. How to generate leads : cheat sheet Create a win
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/overcoming-challenges-zero-party-data-strategies ---
H1: Overcoming challenges in implementing zero-party data strategies
BODY: Overcoming challenges in implementing zero-party data strategies Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Opinions and Expertise Overcoming challenges in implementing zero-party data strategies 10 min read Last published 12.13.2024 Author Lydia Kentowski Category Opinions and Expertise Zero-party data Use case Overcoming challenges in implementing zero-party data strategies No one said collecting and implementing zero-party data was going to be easy. But it does help to know the challenges that lay ahead and solutions to help you keep the path. Share Latest posts on Opinions and Expertise The adaptive customer journeys playbook: How modern teams turn signals into flows Lydia Kentowski | February 11, 2026 Read more The rise of adaptive, momentum-driven journeys (and the fall of the static funnel) Ryan Cahill | January 26, 2026 Read more Customer flows, not funnels: Why marketers are rethinking how customers move Lydia Kentowski | December 4, 2025 Read more Keep it moving: From forms to (work)flows Typeform | November 26, 2025 Read more Share At the moment, we’re all used to third-party data. And we’re not saying there were never any challenges with the collection and use of third-party data. We’re just acknowledging that we’re accustomed to them—they’re the devil we know. But now that third-party cookie tracking is on its way to extinction, it’s time to start implementing (and getting accustomed to) zero-party da
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/typeform-vs-qualtrics ---
H1: Typeform vs. Qualtrics: Which should you choose? [2025]
BODY: Typeform vs. Qualtrics: Which should you choose? [2025] - Typeform blog Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Product Typeform vs. Qualtrics: Which should you choose? [2025] 10 min read Last published 5.23.2025 Author Typeform Category Product Product Use case Typeform vs. Qualtrics: Which should you choose? [2025] Trying to decide between Typeform and Qualtrics? We’re breaking down their key differences—from design and features to pricing—so you can choose the best tool for your survey needs. Share Latest posts on Product How to build a lead generation engine with Typeform Sheena Fronk | October 22, 2025 Read more Typeform vs Google Form: Which Should You Choose in 2025? Typeform | September 29, 2025 Read more Typeform vs. Zoho: Which should you choose? [2025] Typeform | August 12, 2025 Read more Ready for a post-holiday power up? New features to make your forms faster, smarter, and more personalized Ryan Cahill | August 7, 2025 Read more Share Looking for a tool that can help you conduct market research , gather feedback , and discover what makes your customers tick ? You've come to the right place. Typeform and Qualtrics are two popular survey options with robust features to help you uncover insights and make data-driven business decisions. Both are powerful, reputable, and offer similar features—but there are a few stark contrasts. We're breaking down how they compare, including the key differences betwee
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/hubspot-integration ---
H1: Build forms that find you the best leads
BODY: Lead gen heaven: Typeform & HubSpot Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. typeform and Hubspot Build forms that find you the best leads 71% of users agree Typeform helps them drive business-critical outcomes—like finding the best leads for sales teams, so they can close faster. Sign up Integrating Typeform with HubSpot helps you: Lead generation Never miss out on high quality leads Customize your form with logos, colors, and more so it stands out. Then call leads by their name and only ask relevant questions to keep them engaged throughout. Lead scoring Reveal the best leads right away Evaluate the quality of a lead as they fill out your form. Assign value points to criteria—like job level—so you can prioritize the best leads before they land in HubSpot. Lead routing Let quality leads book in there and then Establish whether a lead is high quality based on how they fill out your form. Then, invite them to book into your calendar directly in your form, so you can follow up faster. Sign up Free up more of your limited time Automation Send new leads directly to HubSpot and trigger custom workflows, like sending follow up emails. Integrations Fit your lead capture forms into your existing workflow by integrating with Webflow, Slack, and more. Smart Insights Easily see where potential leads drop off your form and get AI recommendations to keep improving it. Browse 120+ integrations Choose the plan that works for you or get 
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/tactical-guide-to-creating-user-generated-content ---
H1: A tactical guide to creating click-worthy user-generated content
BODY: A tactical guide to creating click-worthy user-generated content Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Tips A tactical guide to creating click-worthy user-generated content 10 min read Last published 1.7.2025 Author Typeform Category Tips Marketers Guide A tactical guide to creating click-worthy user-generated content User-generated content isn’t just for B2C brands and influencers. Any company can add a UGC arrow to their quiver. Just ask Taylor Swift. In this article, we’re giving you six ways to level-up your UGC game. Share Latest posts on Tips How to measure customer satisfaction the right way Lydia Kentowski | January 21, 2026 Read more 12 customer satisfaction questions that reveal real insights Sheena Fronk | December 2, 2025 Read more Online surveys: How to conduct a survey in 7 steps Typeform | November 25, 2025 Read more 14 examples of ranking survey questions to use in 2026 Typeform | November 18, 2025 Read more Share Pop quiz: What do Patagonia, one of the world’s best-known outdoor lifestyle brands, and Taylor Swift have in common? The answer: Both have mastered the art of creating personalized connections with their target audience through user-generated content (UGC). UGC encompasses everything from case studies and product reviews to viral videos and memes, all created by fans. Patagonia’s Worn Wear campaign is a prime example of this methodology in action. It leans on user-generated stories 
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/hint-lead-qualify-chatbot-for-anahuac-university ---
H1: How marketing agency Hint scales personal conversations with beautiful chatbots
BODY: How Marketing Agency Hint Scales Personal Conversations with Beautiful Chatbots - Typeform Blog Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Customer How marketing agency Hint scales personal conversations with beautiful chatbots 10 min read Last published 1.13.2025 Author Sharon Whitty Category Customer Use case Customer success Customer story How marketing agency Hint scales personal conversations with beautiful chatbots See how one of Mexico’s leading marketing agencies gains back precious time by capturing, qualifying, and segmenting leads. The secret? Beautiful conversations, with chatbots. Share Latest posts on Customer How Farma Leaders Talento used Typeform to grow enrollments by 40x Typeform | April 10, 2026 Read more How Meghan Stevenson Books qualifies 3,000+ leads without adding headcount Typeform | April 1, 2026 Read more How Viva scaled talent acquisition and cut time to hire by 75% with Typeform Typeform | October 29, 2025 Read more SmartBug Media drives a 40% increase in sales leads with a single, customized Typeform Typeform | August 15, 2025 Read more Share A beautiful conversation gives a lot but takes a little. Alejandra Tamayo When was the last time you had a beautiful conversation with a company? And what does that even mean? For marketing agency Hint and their clients, the answer is surprisingly simple: chatbots. While the idea of automated chats might not scream “beauty," Hint’s sales team an
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/four-types-of-customer-data ---
H1: The four types of customer data and what they can do for you
BODY: The four types of customer data and what they can do for you Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Tips The four types of customer data and what they can do for you 10 min read Last published 12.17.2024 Author Typeform Category Tips B2B Use case Marketers The four types of customer data and what they can do for you Customer data is a powerful tool; it provides valuable information about customers such as contact details, preferences, and interests. If you can learn to differentiate and harness their power, you'll be leaps and bounds ahead of the competition. Share Latest posts on Tips How to measure customer satisfaction the right way Lydia Kentowski | January 21, 2026 Read more 12 customer satisfaction questions that reveal real insights Sheena Fronk | December 2, 2025 Read more Online surveys: How to conduct a survey in 7 steps Typeform | November 25, 2025 Read more 14 examples of ranking survey questions to use in 2026 Typeform | November 18, 2025 Read more Share Contents Contents table item Brands have been over-reliant on data tracking technologies for years, using them as an easy way to justify or pivot their marketing strategies to fit (assumed) customer behaviors. But with privacy policies growing more strict and major browsers like Chrome phasing out third-party cookies, brands are scrambling to rethink their strategies. Luckily, this shift is nothing to sweat—it's actually a good thing. By relying m
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/interactive-form-boost-conversions ---
H1: Online form design: How to create user-friendly forms that boost conversions
BODY: Online form design: How to create user-friendly forms that boost conversions Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Online form design: How to create user-friendly forms that boost conversions 10 min read Last published 3.13.2025 Author Category Product Online form design: How to create user-friendly forms that boost conversions Learn how Typeform’s unique approach to online form design can help boost conversion rates. Create engaging, user-friendly forms that drive higher completion rates and optimize lead generation Share Latest posts on No items found. Share Ever landed on a website, eager to sign up or explore a product, only to be met with a clunky, overwhelming form? You’re not alone. Poor online form design leads to abandoned sign-ups, lost sales, and frustrated users. But when forms are designed with user experience (UX) in mind, they don’t just collect data—they create seamless, engaging experiences that boost conversions. In this guide, we’ll show you how to design user-friendly, interactive forms that keep people engaged and drive real results. Why form design is important for conversion rates Form design can often fall to the bottom of your design checklist—but it has a direct impact on your bottom line. Forms are usually some of the first touchpoints in your customer’s journey to a purchase. Whether it’s a sign up form or a product recommendation quiz, customers start trusting your brand when form
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/survey-school-4-survey-analysis-101 ---
H1: Survey School 4: The basics of survey analysis
BODY: Transform survey responses into actionable insights using simple survey analysis Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Tips Survey School 4: The basics of survey analysis 10 min read Last published 6.27.2025 Author Typeform Category Tips Guide Marketers Survey School 4: The basics of survey analysis Surveys help brands get crucial insights into their customers, but what do you do with all that data? Analyze it. Survey analysis doesn’t have to be complicated—see how you can transform survey responses into actionable insights with this quick guide. Share Latest posts on Tips How to measure customer satisfaction the right way Lydia Kentowski | January 21, 2026 Read more 12 customer satisfaction questions that reveal real insights Sheena Fronk | December 2, 2025 Read more Online surveys: How to conduct a survey in 7 steps Typeform | November 25, 2025 Read more 14 examples of ranking survey questions to use in 2026 Typeform | November 18, 2025 Read more Share Contents Contents table item We've all received those emails before—the ones asking us to fill out a "quick" survey explaining our experience with a brand. Did we like what we bought? How likely are we to recommend their brand to friends and family? Turns out, brands do this for a reason: because our answers give them crucial insights to help them do everything from building better customer experiences and personalizing marketing to designing better products.
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/how-to-leverage-zero-party-data-for-marketing-attribution ---
H1: How to leverage zero-party data for marketing attribution
BODY: How to leverage zero-party data for marketing attribution Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Tips How to leverage zero-party data for marketing attribution 10 min read Last published 12.13.2024 Author Kevin Branscum Category Tips Marketers Zero-party data How to leverage zero-party data for marketing attribution The cookieless future is here, so how are marketers supposed to correctly assign attribution, build informed strategies, or understand their customers? Zero-party data is your friend: learn how to collect and leverage it with this guide. Share Latest posts on Tips How to measure customer satisfaction the right way Lydia Kentowski | January 21, 2026 Read more 12 customer satisfaction questions that reveal real insights Sheena Fronk | December 2, 2025 Read more Online surveys: How to conduct a survey in 7 steps Typeform | November 25, 2025 Read more 14 examples of ranking survey questions to use in 2026 Typeform | November 18, 2025 Read more Share Cookies are disappearing. Attribution is on its way out . So, is data-driven marketing over? Are we heading back into the Mad Men era of marketing, with marketers relying on gut instinct and desk-drawer whisky? In short, not really. What it does mean, is that third-party data, cookie tracking, and number crunching is no longer the be-all and end-all for digital marketers. Instead, it’s time to get back to what marketing is really all about—understanding and
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/qualitative-vs-quantitative-research ---
H1: Qualitative vs. quantitative research: A simple guide
BODY: Qualitative vs. quantitative research: A simple guide - Typeform Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Tips Qualitative vs. quantitative research: A simple guide 10 min read Last published 12.13.2024 Author Lydia Kentowski Category Tips Guide Marketers Qualitative vs. quantitative research: A simple guide Quantitative research deals with numbers and statistics, while qualitative research involves pulling information from experiences and stories. Share Latest posts on Tips How to measure customer satisfaction the right way Lydia Kentowski | January 21, 2026 Read more 12 customer satisfaction questions that reveal real insights Sheena Fronk | December 2, 2025 Read more Online surveys: How to conduct a survey in 7 steps Typeform | November 25, 2025 Read more 14 examples of ranking survey questions to use in 2026 Typeform | November 18, 2025 Read more Share Contents Contents table item From Tesla to Tushy, every successful brand is built on a foundation of both quantitative and qualitative research. Marketers and product developers use this zero-party data to frame their advertising strategies, product positioning, and brand voice—basically, everything that goes into designing and selling a product or service. When it comes to qualitative vs. quantitative research, both methods have their benefits and drawbacks in certain applications. We break down what you need to know before running your next round of market r
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/ultimate-survey-distribution-guide ---
H1: Optimizing survey distribution: the ultimate guide
BODY: Optimizing survey distribution: the ultimate guide Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Opinions and Expertise Optimizing survey distribution: the ultimate guide 10 min read Last published 12.13.2024 Author Lydia Kentowski Category Opinions and Expertise Use case Guide Marketers Optimizing survey distribution: the ultimate guide If marketing is your superpower, then you know that data fuels your success. And while surveys can be a powerful tool in the realm of data collection, without proper distribution, you could be leaving valuable insights on the table. Read more in our ultimate guide to survey distribution Share Latest posts on Opinions and Expertise The adaptive customer journeys playbook: How modern teams turn signals into flows Lydia Kentowski | February 11, 2026 Read more The rise of adaptive, momentum-driven journeys (and the fall of the static funnel) Ryan Cahill | January 26, 2026 Read more Customer flows, not funnels: Why marketers are rethinking how customers move Lydia Kentowski | December 4, 2025 Read more Keep it moving: From forms to (work)flows Typeform | November 26, 2025 Read more Share Contents Contents table item In today's data-driven business landscape, surveys have become an indispensable tool for gathering insights from customers, employees, and other stakeholders. But simply creating a survey isn't enough—effective survey distribution is crucial to gaining high completion rates an
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/how-to-increase-business-through-customer-feedback ---
H1: How to increase business through customer feedback
BODY: How to Increase Business Through Customer Feedback Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Tips How to increase business through customer feedback 10 min read Last published 12.17.2024 Author Marc Cinnani Category Tips Guide How to increase business through customer feedback No time to spare? Grow revenue fast by asking clients what they want. Share Latest posts on Tips How to measure customer satisfaction the right way Lydia Kentowski | January 21, 2026 Read more 12 customer satisfaction questions that reveal real insights Sheena Fronk | December 2, 2025 Read more Online surveys: How to conduct a survey in 7 steps Typeform | November 25, 2025 Read more 14 examples of ranking survey questions to use in 2026 Typeform | November 18, 2025 Read more Share Let’s start with a story. It’s about a guy called Benny. Let’s say that Benny owns a bowling alley. You know, a place where people and families go to have fun. Like many new entrepreneurs, Benny saved his money, put together the perfect location, and proudly cut the ribbon in front of his friends and family. But shortly after opening, Benny realized there were lots of things he hadn’t thought about. Like too many shoes in the wrong size (unless the Lithuanian national basketball team showed up), or throwing out ready-made canteen food at the end of every day. Or hosting midnight Rock N’ Bowls where nobody came. The list of hiccups grew longer and longer as Benny b
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/the-best-way-for-businesses-to-survive-a-recession-personalization ---
H1: The best way for businesses to survive a recession? Don’t lose your customers.
BODY: The best way for businesses to survive a recession? Don’t lose your customers. Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Opinions and Expertise The best way for businesses to survive a recession? Don’t lose your customers. 10 min read Last published 12.13.2024 Author Karrie Sanderson Category Opinions and Expertise No items found. The best way for businesses to survive a recession? Don’t lose your customers. When times are tough, rather than cut your marketing budget, focus it on retention and improving the customer experience. That’s how you’ll keep customers—and your bottom line—happy. Share Latest posts on Opinions and Expertise The adaptive customer journeys playbook: How modern teams turn signals into flows Lydia Kentowski | February 11, 2026 Read more The rise of adaptive, momentum-driven journeys (and the fall of the static funnel) Ryan Cahill | January 26, 2026 Read more Customer flows, not funnels: Why marketers are rethinking how customers move Lydia Kentowski | December 4, 2025 Read more Keep it moving: From forms to (work)flows Typeform | November 26, 2025 Read more Share We’re facing yet another recession. The aftermath of the pandemic, strained supply chains, and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine have led to soaring food and fuel prices. Now inflation is reaching a 40-year high and retail sales are already suffering . Unsurprisingly, everyone is tightening their belts. When the economy starts to nosedive
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/lead-generation-nearly-everything-you-need-to-know ---
H1: Lead Generation: nearly everything you need to know
BODY: Lead generation marketing strategies - Typeform blog Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Guides Lead Generation: nearly everything you need to know 10 min read Last published 12.20.2024 Author Eric Johnson Category Guides No items found. Lead Generation: nearly everything you need to know Exchange value, establish your audience, and hook them at hello - this is how you build a sales funnel that converts leads to customers. Share Latest posts on Guides 3 Ways To Improve Lead Generation With Typeform and HubSpot Katherine Boyarsky | February 21, 2022 Read more The Non-Designer's Hub Maite Mugica | September 2, 2020 Read more Lead Generation: nearly everything you need to know Eric Johnson | April 24, 2017 Read more Customer Success: nearly everything you need to know Eric Johnson | February 8, 2017 Read more Share Build your funnel from the bottom up To keep your business thriving, you need to continually attract and nurture relationships with potential customers. The thing is though, not everyone’s a potential customer. So trying to drop as many people as possible into the top of your sales funnel isn’t the most effective way to build leads. Here’s Alex Birkett , Growth Marketing Manager at HubSpot: Don’t assume that more leads is automatically the better outcome. If you’re passing names to a sales team and they’re unqualified, you’re wasting time—which is wasting money. Alex Birkett All your lead generation
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/2025-lead-capture-form-report ---
H1: The 2025 lead capture form report (with 5 need-to-know tactics)
BODY: The 2025 lead capture form report (with 5 need-to-know tactics) Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home Tips The 2025 lead capture form report (with 5 need-to-know tactics) 10 min read Last published 4.21.2025 Author Typeform Category Tips B2B Product Use case Marketers Guide The 2025 lead capture form report (with 5 need-to-know tactics) We sifted through 10,000 customer forms to uncover what’s behind the most effective lead capture forms. Use these five proven tactics to boost form performance all year long. Share Latest posts on Tips How to measure customer satisfaction the right way Lydia Kentowski | January 21, 2026 Read more 12 customer satisfaction questions that reveal real insights Sheena Fronk | December 2, 2025 Read more Online surveys: How to conduct a survey in 7 steps Typeform | November 25, 2025 Read more 14 examples of ranking survey questions to use in 2026 Typeform | November 18, 2025 Read more Share Contents Contents table item From shoes to software, today's buyers are spoiled for choice, with seemingly infinite options. But they're not buying the first item they see—they’re shopping around, reading reviews, and comparing you to the competition. So, how do you stand out from the rest? Lead with marketing that builds trust with your audience and makes your brand their go-to choice in a sea of options. ‍ Lead capture forms can help build that trust. When someone fills out your form, they’re le
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/blog/intercom-integration ---
H1: Say hello to the Typeform-Intercom integration
BODY: Say Hello to the Typeform-Intercom Integration - Typeform Blog Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Blog home News Say hello to the Typeform-Intercom integration 10 min read Last published 1.14.2025 Author Simon Dumont Category News No items found. Say hello to the Typeform-Intercom integration Share Latest posts on News Typeform Names Aleks Bass Chief Product and Technology Officer to Accelerate AI-Driven Product Development Typeform | March 17, 2026 Read more Typeform launches AI data enrichment to improve lead conversion Typeform | February 4, 2026 Read more Typeform launches AI engagement platform to turn forms into workflows Typeform | October 23, 2025 Read more Is influencer marketing facing a credibility crisis? New report from Typeform says yes Typeform | May 28, 2025 Read more Share At Typeform, we’re keen on conversations. So naturally, we’re big fans of Intercom . The customer messaging platform lets you converse with your audience at scale, and its segmentation options help you to always say the right thing at the right time. If only it worked for dating too. Not that we’d need it, because with Intercom we’ve found our perfect match. So to celebrate, we’re introducing the new Typeform-Intercom integration. You can now embed a typeform directly into your Intercom Messenger conversations. A button will appear inviting your customers to fill out the typeform, without forcing them finish it to progress the con
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/es/plantillas/irish-quiz-template ---
H1: Irish quiz template
BODY: Make an Irish Quiz Online—No Coding Needed Skip to main content Templates Plantillas de tests y ejemplos Misc. Tests Irish quiz template Irish quiz template Want to know if you’re really Irish? Don’t have a DNA test handy? You’re in luck—this Irish quiz is the next best thing (apparently). Usa esta plantilla Plantillas de tests y ejemplos Preview template Irish quiz template Works great on every device. Start with this template Todo lo que tienes que saber para crear tu Irish quiz template No items found. Get inspired by relevant templates and categories 3200+ Templates, 300+ Integrations E-commerce lead generation quiz template Generate more leads in style, with this email capture form template for your online store View template Personalized product recommendation quiz template Recommend products and drive more sales with an engaging quiz View template Gaming quiz template Game for a quiz? Eternal glory is a couple of clicks away... View template Stranger things trivia quiz template Can you score an 11? Let's find out... View template Harry potter trivia quiz template On a scale of muggle to Potterhead, how big of a Harry Potter fan are you? View template Billionaire quiz template Are Billionaires just like us? Or did Billy G really spend a thousand bucks on sushi? View template Con Typeform, puedes personalizarlo todo Marca Experiencia Integraciones Access 3,000+ templates Sign up More categories Product Recommendation Latest templates Popular templates Get feedback Make s
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/es/plantillas/body-contouring-consultation-form-template ---
H1: Body contouring consultation form template
BODY: Body Contouring Consultation Form Template Skip to main content Templates No items found. No items found. Body contouring consultation form template Body contouring consultation form template Usa esta plantilla Preview template Body contouring consultation form template Works great on every device. Start with this template Todo lo que tienes que saber para crear tu Body contouring consultation form template No items found. Get inspired by relevant templates and categories 3200+ Templates, 300+ Integrations No items found. Con Typeform, puedes personalizarlo todo Marca Experiencia Integraciones Access 3,000+ templates Sign up More categories Product Recommendation Latest templates Popular templates Get feedback Make sales Created by customers Plan events Conduct research Engage audience Recruit talent Generate leads Find your roles Plantillas de tests y ejemplos Plantillas de encuestas y cuestionarios Browse activities Sondeos Recursos humanos Comercial Marketing Plantillas de formularios Producto Educación Servicio al cliente Ventas Autónomos
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/faq-with-ai ---
H1: FAQ with AI (Beta)
BODY: FAQ with AI Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. FAQ with AI (Beta) AI Services These terms apply to one of the Optional Features and AI Services you can use as part of our Services. Please click here to learn more about Optional Features and here to learn more about AI Services. The FAQ with AI feature offers an AI-powered question and answer block that enables respondents to ask the form questions and receive immediate, accurate, and contextual AI-generated answers based on the creator-defined knowledge base.. FAQ with AI is subject to the limits set forth in the plan you have purchased. Those limits relate to the amount of times a respondent successfully interacts with FAQ with AI and submits a form**.** By way of an example, if you have a limit of 10,000 FAQ with AI interactions, each time a respondent successfully interacts with the FAQ with AI block, it will count as 1 completion. If you happen to reach the applicable limit to your plan, the form in which FAQ with AI is active will keep open and collect responses, but the FAQ with AI block will no longer interact powered by the AI Providers and will therefore not generate an AI-powered answer to the respondents’ questions. The form will still store the respondents’ questions as if the FAQ with AI block were a regular long text block. ‘Successful interaction’ shall be interpreted as any interaction by the respondent with the FAQ with AI block excluding the follow
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/poll-builder ---
H1: People-friendly poll maker
BODY: Poll Maker - Create Engaging Polls People Love to Answer | Typeform Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. People-friendly poll maker You need data. Online polls make data. But polls need people. 87% get more responses (from people) after switching to Typeform. Create a poll "Stop using ugly poll tools. Try Typeform for mobile-friendly, awesome surveys and forms." Kenny Jahng Media & Innovation Pastor Collect opinions quickly Need instant feedback? Want to predict voter behavior? Looking for insights to inform your marketing strategy? Build a poll worth voting for—and get all the data you need. Beautiful and easy to build Typeform’s drag and drop builder lets you easily make a poll that looks beautiful within minutes—with zero coding. Embed and share it seamlessly, and get the data you’re after. More data, better insights What happens when you keep your audience engaged? You get more responses than ever—that’s what. Collect instant, actionable insights that help you make better decisions faster. Create a poll Integrations Typeform integrates with all the powerful apps Choose the plan that works for you Monthly Yearly (Save 30%) Basic Create interactive AI forms that connect to your workflow 39 USD / mo 468 USD total / yr 28 USD / mo Save 132 USD / yr Get Basic 100 responses/mo included 1 user Unlimited typeforms Unlimited questions This is some text inside of a div block. Plus Make your AI forms more beautiful and on-br
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/nps-form-builder ---
H1: Build your NPS surveys effortlessly with our form builder
BODY: Build Engaging NPS Forms with Typeform Skip to main content Build your NPS surveys effortlessly with our form builder Get to know the customers behind the score with Net Promoter Score surveys that go deeper than ranking. Create your NPS survey "Typeform allowed us to get to the core of what our product should be—what features to focus on, and where people are struggling." Rand Fishkin Cofounder @ Sparktoro See your score in seconds Let your NPS surveys auto-calculate your score and view it in seconds. Or, with just a few clicks, you can generate and share reports with anyone. Customize your NPS forms Create Net Promoter Score surveys on your own or start from an NPS survey template. Custom logos and colors let you make it your own—no design skills required. Share your NPS surveys anywhere Make it easy for customers to find—and fill out—your Net Promoter Score surveys. Share them as a link or embed them in emails or on your website, all without coding. Create your NPS survey Integrations Typeform integrates with all the powerful apps Choose the plan that works for you Monthly Yearly (Save 30%) Basic Create interactive AI forms that connect to your workflow 39 USD / mo 468 USD total / yr 28 USD / mo Save 132 USD / yr Get Basic 100 responses/mo included 1 user Unlimited typeforms Unlimited questions This is some text inside of a div block. Plus Make your AI forms more beautiful and on-brand 79 USD / mo 948 USD total / yr 56 USD / mo Save 276 USD / yr Get Plus 1,000 responses/mo
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/webinars ---
H1: Work smarter with Typeform events
BODY: Webinars | Learn to Build Better Forms & Workflows with Typeform Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Work smarter with Typeform events Learn how to capture more leads, qualify faster, and automate next steps. Watch past webinars on demand or sign up for upcoming sessions to stay ahead of the latest updates. Watch webinar replays on-demand Missed a webinar? Catch up anytime with our recorded sessions. Winter Product Release 2026 Learn how to accelerate with smarter workflows—powered by new Typeform features that help you unlock better data quality, fewer tools, and AI that works alongside you. Watch now Summer Product Release 2025 Learn all about Create with Salesforce, Email Builder, and FAQ with AI–plus new quiz types, support for audio responses, updates to our Payments Block, and more. Watch now Spring Product Release Event 2025 In this session, we showcase the new Knowledge Quiz mode, Workflow Builder, Shopify Integration and give you a sneak peek of the new Email Builder. Watch now Tune up your Typeform Workshop Spring 2025 Watch our experts optimize real customer forms live and take away tips to improve your own. Watch now Winter Product Release 2025 In this session, we showcase new research integrations, Clarify with AI, and sentiment analysis, and give you a sneak peek at automated workflows and contact management. Watch now Tune up your Typeform Workshop Winter 2024 Whether you're a seasoned Typeform user or
--- CONTENT DEEP DIVE: https://www.typeform.com/faq-builder ---
H1: Effortless FAQ generator
BODY: FAQ Form Builder - Create Interactive FAQ Forms with Ease | Typeform Skip to main content Don't just collect leads—close them. Learn more about Typeform for Growth. Effortless FAQ generator Swap your standard FAQ section for an engaging online form, and make it easier for customers to find what they need. Create your FAQs "You used to need developers to do all this. Not anymore." Kyle Maltz Director of Sales and Partnerships @ Dollar Flight Club Save time with an interactive FAQ Typeform’s FAQ creator gives your customers answers that are always relevant. Build trust while reducing your time spent answering questions. Build it in minutes The drag-and-drop FAQ builder lets you make a FAQ fast—with zero coding. Embed it on your website or send it directly to customers. Design it your way Impress from the get-go with a FAQ that looks as unique as your brand. Or, create a FAQ right away with hundreds of free templates. Create your FAQs Integrations Typeform integrates with all the powerful apps View all 300+ integrations Choose the plan that works for you Monthly Yearly (Save 30%) Basic Create interactive AI forms that connect to your workflow 39 USD / mo 468 USD total / yr 28 USD / mo Save 132 USD / yr Get Basic 100 responses/mo included 1 user Unlimited typeforms Unlimited questions This is some text inside of a div block. Plus Make your AI forms more beautiful and on-brand 79 USD / mo 948 USD total / yr 56 USD / mo Save 276 USD / yr Get Plus 1,000 responses/mo included 3 users
